Fred: Can you tell me about that new do-it-yourself orthodontist?Ted: Brace yourself.
After my wife accidentally swallowed my prostate medication, our daughter called a pharmacist to ask whether there was any cause for alarm. He replied, “Only if she starts hanging out at hardware stores and buys a lot of power tools.”
I was in the emergency room when a young male nurse came in to ask routine medical questions.Nurse: Have you ever had a hysterectomy?Me: Yes.Nurse: When?Me: 2011.Nurse: Do you think you could be pregnant?Me: Do you think this is the right career for you?
Our doctor’s office called to let my husband know that the results from his blood tests came back and he was just fine. That didn’t suit my husband.“What’s my cholesterol level?” he asked.“Mr. Crocker, you are just fine,” insisted the nurse.“Still, I’d like you to mail me the results.”A few days later, he received a postcard from the doctor’s office. It read, “Mr. Crocker, you are just fine!”
My paramedic team was called to an emergency. Before we took the patient to the hospital, I had a question for his wife. “Does your husband have any cardiac problems?” I asked.“Yes,” she said with a note of concern. “His cardiologist just died.”
Harry went to his doctor on Thursday to review his test results. The Doctor told him I have good news and bad news.“Good news is you have 48 hours to live,” he said to Harry. “Bad news is I should have told you on Tuesday.”
A doctor told his patient, “There’s good news and bad news. The bad news is, you have partial short-term memory loss.”The patient said, “Oh no, Doctor. What’s the bad news?”
ER DOCTOR: So, what brings you here?PATIENT: An ambulance! What do you think?!(Credit BestLife)
I’d never had surgery, and I was nervous. “This is a very simple, noninvasive procedure,” the anesthesiologist reassured me. I felt better, until … “Heck,” he continued, “you have a better chance of dying from the anesthesia than the surgery itself.”
When my three-year-old was told to pee in a cup at the doctor’s office, he unexpectedly got nervous. With a shaking voice, he asked, “Do I have to drink it?”
My wife, a phlebotomist at the Denver VA hospital, entered a patient’s room to draw blood. Noticing an apple on his nightstand, she remarked, “An apple a day keeps the doctor away, right?”“That’s true,” he agreed. “I haven’t seen a doctor in three days.”
“Patient in to ER at 0400 with no complaints: ‘I have been having chest pain for 4 months but I am not having chest pain now. The reason I’m here now is because I heard that 4am is the best time to come cause there are not that many people.’ ”“Had a woman call 911 because she ‘had déjà vu in the shower and got nervous.’”“Got a frantic call from a woman who claimed she had overdosed and needed help immediately. We arrive on scene, and she hands us an empty mint container, saying she took them all. That night she learned that you cannot overdose on mints.”
A therapist has a theory that couples who make love once a day are the happiest. So he tests it at a seminar by asking those assembled, “How many people here make love once a day?” Half the people raise their hands, each of them grinning widely. “Once a week?” A third of the audience members raise their hands, their grins a bit less vibrant. “Once a month?” A few hands tepidly go up. Then he asks, “OK, how about once a year?”One man in the back jumps up and down, jubilantly waving his hands. The therapist is shocked—this disproves his theory. “If you make love only once a year,” he asks, “why are you so happy?”The man yells, “Today’s the day!”
My mother was rushed to the hospital following a serious tumble. There the staff placed a band around her wrist with large letters warning: Fall Risk.Unimpressed, Mom said to me, “I’ll have them know I’m a winter, spring, and summer risk too.”
I sent a reminder to a client that it was time to visit the eye doctor. He called back to inform me that he would not be coming in because, as he put it, “I have a new obstetrician.”
My doctor took one look at my gut and refused to believe that I work out. So I listed the exercises I do every day: jump to conclusions, climb the walls, drag my heels, push my luck, make mountains out of molehills, bend over backward, run around in circles, put my foot in my mouth, go over the edge, and beat around the bush.
A scientist tells a pharmacist, “Give me some prepared tablets of acetylsalicylic acid.”“Do you mean aspirin?” asks the pharmacist.The scientist slaps his forehead. “That’s it!” he says. “I can never remember the name.”
Colonoscopies are important medical procedures that have saved lives. And yet they’re as popular as, well, a colonoscopy. Here are comments purportedly made by patients to physicians during their procedures.“Now I know how a Muppet feels!”“Could you write a note for my wife saying that my head is not up there?”“Any sign of the trapped miners, chief?”
My teenage patient’s mother was concerned. “He must have a temperature,” she said. “He hasn’t taken our motorcycle out all day.”“Let me ask you,” I said. “Do you have a thermometer?”“No,” she said. “A Kawasaki.”
A weeping woman bursts into her hypnotherapist’s office and declares, “Doctor, I have been faithful to my husband for 15 years, but yesterday I broke that trust and had an affair! The guilt is killing me. I just want to forget that it ever happened!”The hypnotherapist shakes his head. “Not again …”
Two campers are hiking in the woods when one is bitten on the rear end by a rattlesnake. “I’ll go into town for a doctor,” the other says. He runs ten miles to a small town and finds the only doctor delivering a baby.“I can’t leave,” the doctor says. “But here’s what to do. Take a knife, cut a little X where the bite is, suck out the poison and spit it on the ground.”The guy runs back to his friend, who is in agony. “What did the doctor say?” the victim cries.“He says you’re gonna die.”
Two doctors and an HMO manager die and line up together at the Pearly Gates. One doctor steps forward and tells St. Peter, “As a pediatric surgeon, I saved hundreds of children.” St. Peter lets him enter.The next doctor says, “As a psychiatrist, I helped thousands of people live better lives.” St. Peter tells him to go ahead.The last man says, “I was an HMO manager. I got countless families cost-effective health care.”St. Peter replies, “You may enter. But,” he adds, “you can only stay for three days. After that, you can go to hell.”
When I stepped on the scale at my doctor’s office, I was surprised to see that I weighed 144 pounds.“Why don’t you just take off that last four?” I joked to the nurse’s aide as she made a notation on my chart.A few moments later, my doctor came in and flipped through the chart.“I see you’ve lost weight,” he said. “You’re down to 14 pounds.”
Three guys are fishing when an angel appears.The first guy says, “I’ve suffered from back pain for years. Can you help me?” The angel touches the man’s back, and he feels instant relief.The second guy points to his thick glasses and begs for a cure for his poor eyesight. When the angel tosses the lenses into the lake, the man gains 20/20 vision.As the angel turns to the third fellow, he instantly recoils and screams, “Don’t touch me! I’m on disability!”
A medical student was told to remove the spleen from a cadaver. After he did, he kept poking around.“What are you doing?” asked the professor.The student answered, “I’m looking for the other one.”
Phlebotomist:I’m here to draw some blood.Patient:But I just received blood yesterday.Phlebotomist:You didn’t think you’d get to keep it, did you?
A doctor sent this note to our medical clinic: “Patient needs a referral for your office from me. I saw her for her ankle and would like you to run over it.”
Scene: A call-center operator on the phone with a doctor.Doctor:If you don’t turn my cell phone back on today, I’ll tell the families of my patients and their lawyers that you are responsible for my patients’ deaths because I couldn’t be reached.Operator:Sir, if you are expecting your patients to die, perhaps they should switch to a different physician.
Lenny tells the psychiatrist, “Every time I get into bed, I think there’s somebody under it.”“Come to me three times a week for two years, and I’ll cure your fears,” says the shrink. “And I’ll charge you only $200 a visit.”Lenny says he’ll think about it. Six months later, he runs into the doctor, who asks why he never came back. “For $200 a visit?” says Lenny. “A bartender cured me for $10.”“Is that so! How?”“He told me to cut the legs off the bed.”
After a checkup, a doctor asked his patient, “Is there anything you’d like to discuss?”“Well,” said the patient, “I was thinking about getting a vasectomy.”“That’s a big decision. Have you talked it over with your family?”“Yes, we took a vote … and they’re in favor of it 15 to 2.”
Nobody wants a pain reliever that’s anything less than extra-strength: “Give me the maximum-allowable dosage. Figure out what will kill me, and then back it off a little bit.”—
When I went back to the medical lab to have some blood drawn, I was greeted with a battery of questions from the technician.“Has your address changed?” she asked.“No,” I answered.“Your phone number?”“No.”“What about your birthday?”
Imagine my surprise when I went to Tipler Army Medical Center for a heart bypass operation and discovered my surgeon’s name was Dr. Eror."What a name for a doctor," I said, not sure whether to laugh or cry."Yeah," he agreed. "You can imagine the reaction I got when I was a major."
I just met the coolest gynecologist. He’s an O.B.G.B.Y.O.B.
Mark Twain warned: “Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.” The same can be said for these English-challenged notes doctors wrote on patient charts:“The patient is married but sexually active.”“When standing with eyes closed, he missed his right finger to his nose and has to search for it on the left side.”“She does indeed have a fear of frying and mental problems that she attributes to deep-fat fryers.”“The patient is a 53-year-old police officer who was found unconscious by his bicycle.”“Her father died from a heart attack at age 12.”
I overheard two EMT volunteers talking about the time they went to the aid of an elderly man. As one took down his information, the other opened his shirt to attach EKG cables."Any history of heart trouble?" asked the first volunteer."None," said the patient.Looking at the telltale scars of bypass surgery, the second volunteer wasn’t so sure. "In that case," he said, "do you remember when the lion attacked you?"
My husband went to the cardiologist after experiencing symptoms of a heart attack.  "I had taken our cat to the vet," he told the nurse, "and while I was there, my chest got tight, and I had trouble breathing. Later, my left arm began aching."The nurse was clearly concerned. "So," she asked, "how was the cat?"
They’ve just found a gene for shyness. They would have found it earlier, but it was hiding behind a couple of other genes.
My mother has tried her hand at several careers, some even concurrently. Imagine the surprise of both a hospital patient and my mom when the patient awoke after surgery and, upon seeing who her nurse’s aide was, yelled, "What are you doing? You’re the woman who helped me pick out interior paint colors!"
When a patient was wheeled into our emergency room, I was the nurse on duty. "On a scale of zero to ten," I asked her, "with zero representing no pain and ten representing excruciating pain, what would you say your pain level is now?"She shook her head. "Oh, I don’t know. I’m not good with math."
It was time for my dog’s annual checkup. Following the vet’s instructions, I collected a stool sample and dropped it in a plastic container before we left for his office. When we arrived, I handed the sample to the receptionist, who immediately cracked a smile. The container read "I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter."
When my insurance company refused to pay for my newborn son’s circumcision, I got a letter explaining its logic. Under the procedure "Circumcision" was written "Unable to locate member."
I’d just come home from my sixth medical appointment of the week with one more to go, so I was in a lousy mood when my daughter called. After I recited my woes, my daughter said, "Well, seven doctors is better than one coroner."
My friend is a Botox junkie—she can’t stop getting the injections. But surprisingly, when I reminded her to get her flu shot, she shuddered. "I hate needles," she said.  I had a solution: "Just pretend it will make your arm look younger."
Years of smoking finally caught up with my friend John one morning when he keeled over at work, clutching his heart. He was rushed to a hospital and peppered with questions."Do you smoke?" asked a  paramedic."No," John whispered. "I quit.""That"s good. When did you quit?""Around 9:30 this morning."
After giving birth, I quit my job. The exit questionnaire asked, “What steps would have prevented you from leaving?” My answer: “Birth control.”
A patient at my daughter’s medical clinic filled out a form. After Name and Address, the next question was "Nearest Relative." She wrote "Walking distance."
My neighbor’s boat has a peculiar name: Innuendo. After failing to divine some deep, hidden meaning, I asked him how he came up with the name. He answered, "My wife works for a proctologist."
Doing rounds, a new nurse couldn’t help overhearing the surgeon yelling, "Typhoid! Tetanus! Measles!""Why does he keep doing that?" she asked a colleague."Oh, he likes to call the shots around here."
Last Valentine’s Day, I arrived at the doctor’s office where I work as a receptionist to find a mystery man pacing up and down holding a package. As I got out of the car, he declared warmly, "I have something for you." I excitedly ripped open  the bundle. It was a urine sample.
A little boy was brought into our emergency room after ingesting part of a plug-in air freshener. After consulting Poison Control and monitoring him, the doctor wrote on his discharge, "Patient doing well. Ready to go home. Smells good."
Following my husband’s physical exam, the doctor delivered some bad news. "Your white blood cells are elevated," he said."What does that mean?" I asked.Looking concerned, the doctor explained, "Up."
One diagnostic-imaging center claims that its high-tech medical procedures are second to none. The center’s newspaper advertisement proclaimed, CT Colonoscopy: No Scope, No Sedation, No Recovery.
Dr. Smith asks his patient, "Which do you want first, the good news or the bad news?"The patient replies, "Give me the good news."Dr. Smith says, "You’re about to have a disease named after you."
As I was admitted to the hospital prior to a procedure, the clerk asked for my wrist, saying, "I’m going to give you a bracelet.""Has it got rubies and diamonds?" I asked coyly."No," he said. "But it costs just as much."
Proofreading an instruction manual for a hospital ventilator, I did a double take when I came across this questionable troubleshooting tip: "If the problem persists, replace patient immediately."
At the dentist’s office for oral surgery, I was handed a couple of forms to fill out. As I signed the first one, I joked with the receptionist: "Does this say that even if you pull my head completely off, I can’t sue you?""No, that’s the next sheet," she said. "This one says you still have to pay us."
Prior to his biopsy, a patient confessed to a fellow nurse just how nervous he was. "Don’t worry," the nurse assured him. "You’re just having a little autopsy."
A harried man runs into his physician’s office. "Doctor! Doctor! My wife’s in labor! But she keeps screaming, ‘Shouldn’t, couldn’t, wouldn’t, can’t!’""Oh, that’s okay," says the doctor. "She’s just having contractions."
A guy suffering from a miserable cold begs his doctor for relief. The doctor prescribes pills. But after a week, the guy’s still sick. So the doctor gives him a shot. But that doesn’t help his condition either."Okay, this is what I want you to do," says the doctor on the third visit. "Go home and take a hot bath. Then throw open all the windows and stand in the draft.""I’ll get pneumonia!" protests the patient."I know. That I can cure."
As I left my office at the National Cancer Institute, I passed one of our researchers by the front door puffing away on a cigarette."How can you smoke when you, of all people, know the harm caused by cigarettes?" I asked.He took another draw, exhaled, and replied through the smoke, "Because it gives me more motivation to find a cure."
When a rich businessman began to choke on a fish bone at a restaurant, a doctor seated at a nearby table sprang up, performed the Heimlich maneuver, and saved his life."Thank you, thank you!" said the businessman. "Please, I insist on paying you. Just name the fee.""Okay," said the doctor. "How about half of what you’d have offered when the bone was still stuck in your throat?"
One crazy day in our pediatric clinic saw me hand a young patient a urine sample container and tell him to fill it up in the bathroom. A few minutes later, he returned to my nurses station with an empty cup."I didn’t need this after all," he said. "There was a toilet in there."
Visiting the psych ward, a man asked how doctors decide to institutionalize a patient."Well," the director said, "we fill a bathtub, then offer a teaspoon, a teacup and a bucket to the patient, and ask him to empty the tub.""I get it," the visitor said. "A normal person would use the bucket because it’s the biggest.""No," the director said. "A normal person would pull the plug."
Our nephew was getting married to a doctor’s daughter. At the wedding reception, the father of the bride stood to read his toast, which he had scribbled on a piece of scrap paper. Several times during his speech, he halted, overcome with what I assumed was a moment of deep emotion. But after a particularly long pause, he explained, "I’m sorry. I can’t seem to make out what I’ve written down." Looking out into the audience, he asked, "Is there a pharmacist in the house?"
Desperate for registered nurses, my colleagues and I in hospital administration often share ideas to recruit employees. Out of exasperation, I made a joking plea to two of my colleagues, asking them to send me six nurses from each of their hospitals. That request prompted one of them to suggest a unique solution: "Send six nurses to the top three names on the list of hospital administrators, and then send your request to five other colleagues. In 14 days you will have received 1,567 nurses."
One day while at the doctor’s office, the receptionist called me to the desk to update my personal file. Before I had a chance to tell her that all the information she had was still correct, she asked, "Has your birth date changed?"
After practicing law for several months, I was talking with my brother, John, a doctor. "My work is so exciting," I said. "People come into my office, tell me their problems and pay me for my advice."As older brothers will, John took the upper hand. "You know," he said, "in my work, people come into my office, tell me their problems, take off all their clothes and then pay me for my advice."
Dad’s pager beeped, summoning him to the hospital, where he is an anesthetist. As he raced toward the hospital, a patrol car sped up behind him—lights flashing, siren blaring. So Dad hung his stethoscope out the window to signal that he was on an emergency call.Within seconds came the policeman’s response: a pair of handcuffs flapping outside the police car window.
While on duty as a nurse in the obstetrics department at the hospital, I was checking a young mother-to-be. "Is this your first baby?" I asked her."Yes," she answered calmly."Are you having any contractions or pressure?" I continued."No," she stated."Are you having any discomfort?"Again the response was no. Laying my equipment aside, I said, "Honey, may I ask you why you’re here?""Today is my due date!" she replied happily.
A friend of mine was working as a nurse in a West Australian coastal town when a tourist came into the medical center with a fishhook lodged deep in his hand. Since it was the weekend, my friend had to summon the doctor from home.The tourist was dismayed to see that the doctor was young, had long hair and wore sandals and a very casual shirt. "You don’t look much like a doctor to me," he said dubiously.The doctor examined the hook in the tourist’s hand and responded, "And you don’t look much like a fish to me."
After the birth of our second child, my husband volunteered to undergo a vasectomy. The morning of his appointment, I could tell he was nervous. Then, as he was about to leave for the doctor’s office, he turned to me and said, "I’m certainly wearing the right jeans today.""Why?" I asked. "Are they too loose on you?""No," he replied. "I’m talking about the brand name—Faded Glory."
After I warned the nurse taking blood that it would be very hard to find a vein on me, she said, "Don’t worry. We’ve seen worse. Last year we had a girl come in to get a blood test for her marriage license and we had to stick her six times in four places before we got anything.""Yes, I know," I said. "That was me!"
